good evening is December the 17th 2009
my name's da Vinci and the United States
is unflagging sing keable so let's go
back to the bar drink it up yeah well
anyways I've gotten a few new viewers
courtesy of a video did an old video
that I have asking SES Phil to join the
silver war cry and turns out there was
quite a few people commenting watching
the videos and so forth and quite a few
of them were pretty pretty much in the
United States is unflagging sinker ball
camp and went on their merry way but
there are a few that wants to know what
is going on and how to protect
themselves and those are people I am all
too happy to help I started them off on
the fact-finding mission started them to
to do some research on both both
fractional reserve banking maybe check
out the videos money as debt and the
crash course and if you're new to my
videos link in the sidebar down here or
over there so check those are those
those sites out and if you haven't heard
heard those I've heard of those videos
they're definitely worth a watch what's
another interesting news topic is that I
believe it was yesterday that Obama came
out and said the united states the
federal government will be bankrupt now
forget about the context focus on those
words the federal government will be
bankrupt
I know some of you like her wait a
minute wait a bit they said even we
don't pass the stimulus package okay
dude it's not like president has ever
said well if we don't do this we'll get
this before right let's see has he ever
said that before he's ever done that it
if I don't get something the disaster
will happen as seen here let me think
about that what's it to steal this
package did he say that if they didn't
pass it unemployment would be ten
percent it's not ten percent is it
because it's oh man so it's going to
happen whether the United States gets to
health care or not bankruptcy is coming
right it's not the end of the world it's
not the end of the United States it's
the bankruptcy of the federal government
so it is it is a collapse of the dollar
whether you whether they they decide to
to honestly say okay you know what we're
not paying the debt that we we've issued
you can have a dick cut of twenty-four
percent of that debt or dishonestly like
most governments and just print money
either way it's a default you've got to
protect yourself in both canare
scenarios and both scenarios the dollar
is going to take a huge whack gotta get
yourself into gold and silver to protect
yourself don't want to end up like
people in Zimbabwe that there are
scraping by now world will go on you
know it's not gonna collapse the Seas to
see the water is not going to cave in on
the United States there's still be
stores they'll still be commerce going
on it'd just be at
your price okay so relax so if you don't
have a job right now maybe you can start
selling selling gold and silver or
buying gold and silver from people i
have this one person who's emailed me
message me and he is teaching people how
to sell gold and silver and the link is
in the sidebars named tech he's got his
own website and so forth and he's I'm
selling kits on how to have gold part
gold and silver parties so that you can
you can buy the gold and silver and you
know probably sell it to the dealers and
so forth so check him out right his
links in the sidebar and maybe you can
maybe you can get some money doing that
that particular job anyways let's talk
about the Obama announcement in the
comments below